# Patch 0.8.5
> A few features, bug fixes and massive balance changes!
## Features:
- NEW TYPE: ***SOLO***
  - *One of the consistent best things to do in the game has been fast-triggering powerful units. Some units (Saloon, Mill, Mechanic) had to specifically state which units they can not trigger. Instead we're putting all of them under the **Solo** tag, units that can't be triggered by other Solo units. This also allows us to put units like Myrria in the Solo category, and allows design space for more powerful effect with long cooldowns that won't just break the game with instant trigger effect.*
- Holding space now also shows your grid layout
- Hovering units in the combat log now highlights them
- Fatigue now starts 10 seconds later
  - *We've heard people say "I was winning this fight, until that Fatigue Wizard showed up!". Even though playing for fatigue should be a viable strategy, it shouldn't make players lose fights they're supposed to be winning. Let's see how this change feels*

## Units:
> I went through the stats that we've been collection and decided to adjust a bunch of units. This should shake up the meta quite a bit! Some units like the Weather Machine need a bigger rework, but that's for a future patch.
- Myrria: Cooldown from 14s to 9s and Type from Utility to Solo
- Cannon: Health from 150 to 400
- Big Laser Pointer: Damage from 200 to 170
- Dynamite Turret: Cooldown from 1s to 1.2s
- Bonfire: Speed Buff from 2% to 3%
- Electrocatalyst: From 20 Charges to 16 Charges
- Bamboo: From tier 2 to tier 3
- Oversized Crossbow: Pierce Damage from 35% to 20%
- Spellbound Rocket: Damage from 300 to 250
- Graveyard: Cooldown from 9s to 8s
- Tree: Health from 100 to 60
- Chamaeleontis: Health from 275 to 200
- Piranha Plant: Damage from 50 to 80. Now has a cooldown of 2s (while keeping its passive)
- Warden's Flame: Cooldown from 2s to 1.8s
- Atomic Clock: From tier 5 to tier 3
- Saloon: Type from Utility to Solo
- Mechanic: Type from Utility to Solo
- Rafflesia: Health stealing from 15 to 20
- Compound Knowledge: Cooldown from 4.2s to 3.5s
- Homing Missiles: Damage from 150 to 100
- Shrub: Health from 80 to 30
- Mill: Type from Utility to Solo
- Mecha Dragon: Damage from 100 to 90
- Bakery: Type from Utility to Solo
- Lumberjack: Cooldown from 4.4s to 3.6s
- Forest Spirit: Health from 370 to 400 and Cooldown from 1.4s to 1.2s
- The Pillar: Health Buff from +50% to +60%
- Watch Tower: Speed Buff from 10% to 7%
- Latching Spore: Lifesteal from 5% to 7%
- Power Plant: Passive now always buffs a weapon and speeds up a town unit based on how many cooldown town units you have (cleans up the wording a little bit and makes it less situational)
- Scarecrow: Cooldown from 2s to 1.7s

## Bugs:
- Units highlighting on the background islands in the main menu
- Homing landmine and Sonic mine now work again
- Putting enchant on shop units throws an error
- Units overlapping or going out of bounds
- Enchantment duping
- Enemy toy turrets sometimes not spawning correctly
- Scrolling on combat logs UI could sometimes zoom into the board

## Other:
- Accelerate Enchantment is now a 2% speed buff instead of 0.05s.