# Patch 0.8.3
> The first round of the big system rework! More to follow.

> This patch is probably the biggest one yet, but likely the least noticeable (+33.669 / -31.133 lines of code/changes). I rewrote the whole combat system and created new "handler" scripts that check stuff like unit collision. I also improved the general Unit blueprint and rewrote ALL 111 units, one by one. There is only so much testing I could do by myself, so expect some random bugs I couldn't track down (but also a relatively fast follow-up patch to get rid of them).
> The next step is more general reworks to the UI, menu screens, the server handling, stat logging.. basically boring stuff. But I can do this in smaller chunks while I work on other features and balance changes. These will also get rid of a bunch of persistent bugs we've struggled with. I tried to get a few balance changes in as well, but I have a lot more cool unit reworks in store :)
## Features:
- Stuns now only work on cooldown units (and always try to target cooldown units)
- Units that summon other units now have a proper collision system (no more units overlapping)
- Highlights are now more accurate, responsive and work in combat
- Any damage buffs can no longer target weapons that can't be buffed
- FPS is now capped. Will be a setting later.
- New song during gameplay!

## Units:
- Azurite Crystal's: speed buff is now a % instead of a flat number
- Eternal Bonfire: now needs 3 adjacent cooldown units to work, speed buff decreased from 5% to 2%
- Materia Contrarium: is now a passive, Health buff from 100% to 80%
- Assembolator: cooldown from 0.9s to 1.1s
- Geronimo's Warehouse: now gives Utility units from tier 2 and below (instead of tier 3)
- Spellbound Rocket: from 350 Damage to 300
- Voodoo totem: now only reflects 50% of the Damage back, and has 300 Health instead of 350 (but no longer takes double damage)
- Casino: now speeds up by 4% instead of 2%
- Cthulu's Disciple: now gains +2 Damage when ANY units is destroyed
- Watch Tower: now speeds up units by 10% instead of 0.05s
- Super Charger: now has a cooldown of 4 seconds instead of 1
- Soul Slinger: now has +20 Damage and +40 Health for every Ancient unit instead of +10 and +25
- Mini Black Hole: now has 100 Health instead of 1000
- NEW UNIT: Scarecrow!

## Bugs:
- Lots of random small bugs and interactions, including a bunch with Enchantments.

## Other:
- System reworks:
  - Combat & Projectile handling is now more modular
  - Unit blueprint more stable and uniform
  - Everything follows the same general rules
  - Storing and Handling of Enchantments
  - Unit resources are stored in a buffer in memory *(should fix lag spikes when summoning lots of units and keeps memory stable)*
- Fatigue now scales slower again, but starts with more base Damage
- You might notice a slight boost in performance already
- Only cooldown units now count as "Triggers"

> Quick note on what's next: A whole bunch of small features that have been requested! On top of some more necessary code and file changes.